# causact 0.5.7

# causact 0.5.6
* patch release to fix numpyro integration issues. The default installation workflow now uses `numpyro==0.16.1` to avoid `TypeError` when using a discrete data distribution, e.g. Bernoulli.

# causact 0.5.5
* patch release to fix installation issues. The default installation workflow now uses `scipy==0.12` to avoid error `cannot import name 'gaussian' from 'scipy.signal'`.

# causact 0.5.4
* patch release to fix installation issues. The default installation workflow now uses `numpyro==0.13.2` to avoid `ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'jax.linear_util'`.

# causact 0.5.3
* Fixed bug where beta distribution was being treated as Laplace distribution.
* Fixed bug where nested plated were being indexed incorrectly in Python.

# causact 0.5.2
* Switched inference to Python's `numpyro`
* `dag_greta()` is now deprecated; `dag_numpyro()` should be used as a drop-in replacement.
* Added helper function for Python dependencies: `install_causact_deps`.
* Updated documentation to reflect switch to `numpyro`.
* Added ability to choose fill of nodes during `dag_render()`.
* Added `causact` probability distribution functions.  See `?causact::distributions`.
* Temporarily removed support for the `dim` argument of probability distributions.

# causact 0.4.2
* Added `vignette("narrative-to-insight-with-causact") to introduce the package's encouraged user workflow.
* Allow `greta::variable()` to be used for flat priors.

# causact 0.4.1
* Fixed bugs introduced by changes in `tidyr::replace_na()`.
* Fixed bug related to rendering generative DAGs where two variables were both on multiple plates.

# causact 0.4.0

## Minor improvements and fixes

* Support for using `greta` matrix operations like `%*%` and other `greta` functions within the `rhs` argument of the `dag_node` function has been added.
* The readme has been updated to include a `mixture` example.

# causact 0.3.3

## Minor improvements and fixes

* Small graphs without an `rhs` argument supplied to `dag_node()` displayed a `dplyr` warning message.
* Exported `meaningfulLabels()` function for users who are using code generated by `dag_greta(mcmc=FALSE)`.

# causact 0.3.2

## Minor improvements and fixes

* `dag_render()` displayed weird DAGs when users have `dplyr (>=v1.0)` installed.  Isolated problem to changes in `dplyr::group_indices()` and `dplyr::bind_cols` that caused a jumbling of node id's.
* Updated README.md to display images and give CRAN install instructions.

# causact 0.3.1

* Initial release for CRAN
* Biggest change from previous development versions is that `dag_greta()` now returns a dataframe as opposed to creating variables in your global environment.

